From: ygoland@wright.seas.ucla.edu (The Jester)
Subject: Re: Don't fight Clipper Chip, subvert or replace it !
Distribution: na
Lines: 44

The Clipper chip is just the culmination of Dorthy Denning et all.
But lets ignore that for the moment.

The fundamental question is:Can the government stop me from using
encryption?

Ignoring for the moment the question of patented processes (such as
Public Keys), can the government stop me from using an encryption
process?

If the answer is yes then what freedom we have in this country is
truly gone and its time to get out the guns or the lawyers
(depending upon which causes more damage and to whom).

However assuming that I can still encrypt things as I please, who
cares about the clipper chip? As far as I'm concerned a phone line
is insecure PERIOD. I don't care if they encrypt it 10 ways from
sunday, if I didn't do the encrypting, I don't trust it. This is the
attitude that everyone else should have. Instead of worrying about a
clipper chip, simply connect your handset to your computer and feed
the voice single through, process, encrypt, and transmit over the
phone. The guy on the other hand then does the same in reverse.

Can't work you say? No Standard you say? Obviously you have never
uses PGP.

Anyone who expects the government to protect their freedoms is
kidding themselves. Only you can protect your own freedoms.

One final thought addressed to EFF:
	1.Do you support the implementation of ANY form of
	encryption where the encryption key must be revealed?
	2.If you do, why? If not, why?
	3.What SPECIFIC actions are you planning to take to either
	support or stop this proposal?
	4.If you do not support this proposal, what alternatives do
	you offer?

				The Jester
-- 
Proof Windows is a Virus:It is very widespread, It eats up your disk
space, It slows down your computer, It takes control over your
computer, It performs disk access at random times, It displays silly
messages on your screen, It randomly crashes the computer-Vesselin
